100,000 sperm and you were the fastest? 
42.7 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot. 
99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name. 
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory. 
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer. 
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory. 
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking. 
A day without sunshine is like, night. 
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip. 
A flashlight is a case for holding dead batteries. 
All generalizations are false, including this one. 
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else. 
Always try to be modest and be proud of it! 
Anything worth taking seriously is worth making fun of. 
Artificial Intelligence usually beats real stupidity. 
Atheism is a non-prophet organization. 
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home. 
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder. 
Beer: It's not just for breakfast anymore. 
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have their shoes. 
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot. 
Borrow money from a pessimist, they don't expect it back. 
Boycott shampoo! Demand the REAL poo! 
C program run. C program crash. C programmer quit. 
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine. 
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps. 
Criminal Lawyer is a redundancy. 
Death is hereditary.  
Do not walk behind me, for I may not lead. Do not walk ahead of me, for I may not follow. Do not walk beside me, either. Just leave me alone. 
Don't be irreplaceable; if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted. 
Don't drink and drive. You might hit a bump and spill your drink. 
Don't piss me off! I'm running out of places to hide the bodies. 
Don't take life too seriously, you won't get out alive. 
Double your drive space. Delete Windows!  
Error, no keyboard. Press F1 to continue. 
Ever notice how fast Windows runs? Neither did I. 
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again? 
Everyone has a photographic memory. Some don't have film. 
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it. 
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted. 
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs. 
For every action there is an equal and opposite criticism. 
Friends help you move. Real friends help you move bodies. 
Friends may come and go, but enemies tend to accumulate. 
Generally speaking, you aren't learning much when your mouth is moving. 
Genius does what it must, talent does what it can, and you had best do what you're told. 
Get a new car for your spouse; it'll be a great trade! 
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish, and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day. 
Give me ambiguity or give me something else. 
Good judgment comes from bad experience and a lot of that comes from bad judgment. 
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off now. 
He who laughs last thinks slowest. 
Honk if you love peace and quiet. 
Honk if you want to see my finger. 
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink? 
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise my hand. 
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals. I am a vegetarian because I hate plants. 
I didn't say it was your fault. I said I was going to blame you. 
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it. 
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe. 
I get enough exercise just pushing my luck. 
I just got lost in thought. It was unfamiliar territory. 
I need someone really bad. Are you really bad? 
I took an IQ test and the results were negative. 
I tried sniffing Coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose. 
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure. 
I used to have a handle on life, and then it broke. 
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out. 
I won't rise to the occasion, but I'll slide over to it. 
I'm as confused as a baby in a topless bar. 
I'm not a complete idiot, some parts are missing! 
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done. 
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried. 
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you. 
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends? 
If you can read this, I can slam on my brakes and sue you! 
If you can't convince them, confuse them. 
If you get to it and you can't do it, well there you jolly well are, aren't you. 
If you haven't much education you must use your brain. 
If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again; it was probably worth it. 
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. 
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of house loan payments. 
It IS as bad as you think, and they ARE out to get you. 
It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help. 
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others. 
It's always darkest before dawn. So if you're going to steal the neighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it. 
Join the Army, meet interesting people, and kill them. 
Keep honking. I'm reloading. 
Laughing stock: cattle with a sense of humor. 
Learn from your parents' mistakes: use birth control. 
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math. 
Love may be blind but marriage is a real eye-opener. 
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot. 
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life. 
Multitasking means screwing up several things at once.  
Never ask a barber if he thinks you need a haircut. 
Never mess up an apology with an excuse. 
Never miss a good chance to shut up. 
Never test the depth of the water with both feet. 
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups. 
No one is listening until you make a mistake. 
Oh Lord, give me patience, and GIVE IT TO ME NOW! 
Okay, who put a stop payment on my reality check? 
On the other hand, you have different fingers. 
Oops. My brain just hit a bad sector. 
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes. 
Pentiums melt in your PC, not in your hand. 
Plan to be spontaneous, tomorrow. 
Pride is what we have. Vanity is what others have. 
Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere may be happy. 
Quantum mechanics: The dreams stuff is made of. 
Quickly, I must hurry, for there go my people and I am their leader. 
Reality is a crutch for people who can't handle drugs. 
Remember half the people you know are below average. 
Save the whales. Collect the whole set 
Some days you are the bug, some days you are the windshield. 
Some drink at the fountain of knowledge. Others just gargle. 
Some people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them. 
Success always occurs in private and failure in full view. 
Suicidal twin kills sister by mistake! 
Support bacteria, they're the only culture some people have. 
The Bermuda Triangle got tired of warm weather. It moved to Finland. Now Santa Claus is missing. 
The colder the x-ray table, the more of your body is required on it. 
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. 
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread. 
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a flat tire. 
The more you complain, the longer God makes you live. 
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes. 
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard. 
The quickest way to double your money is to fold it in half and put it back in your pocket. 
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it. 
The shortest distance between two points is under construction. 
The sooner you fall behind the more time you'll have to catch up. 
The universe is a figment of its own imagination. There's no future in time travel. 
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count & those who can't. 
There are two theories to arguing with women. Neither one works. 
Things are more like they are now than they ever were before. 
Time is the best teacher; unfortunately it kills all of its students. 
Time is what keeps everything from happening at once. 
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research. 
To succeed in politics, it is often necessary to rise above your principles. 
Warning: Dates in calendar are closer than they appear. 
We have enough youth, how about a fountain of smart? 
We were born naked, wet and hungry. Then things got worse. 
Wear short sleeves! Support your right to bare arms! 
What happens if you get scared half to death twice? 
What is a free gift? Aren't all gifts free? 
What's the speed of dark? 
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane and going the wrong way. 
When there's a will, I want to be in it. 
When you don't know what you are doing, do it neatly. 
Who stopped payment on my reality check? 
Why do psychics have to ask you for your name? 
Why is abbreviation such a long word? 
Why isn't phonetic spelled the way it sounds? 
Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition. 
You are depriving some poor village of its idiot. 
You can do more with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word. 
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted then used against you. 
You're just jealous because the voices are talking to me and not you! 